quotes = [
  "It is always the false that makes you suffer, the false desires and fears,
  the false values and ideas, the false relationships between people. Abandon
  the false and you are free of pain; truth makes happy, truth liberates.",

  "Wisdom is knowing I am nothing,
  Love is knowing I am everything,
  and between the two my life moves.",

  "You will receive everything you need when you stop asking for what you do not need",

  "Once you realize that the road is the goal and that you are always on the road, not to
  reach a goal, but to enjoy its beauty and its wisdom, life ceases to be a task and becomes
  natural and simple, in itself an ecstasy.",

  "Love says 'I am everything.' Wisdom says 'I am nothing.' Between the two, my life flows.",

  "Your expectation of something unique and dramatic, of some wonderful explosion, is merely
  hindering and delaying your Self Realization. You are not to expect an explosion, for the
  explosion has already happened - at the moment when you were born, when you realized yourself
  as Being-Knowing-Feeling. There is only one mistake you are making: you take the inner for
  the outer and the outer for the inner. What is in you, you take to be outside you and what
  is outside, you take to be in you. The mind and feelings are external, but you take them
  to be intimate. You believe the world to be objective, while it is entirely a projection
  of your psyche. That is the basic confusion and no new explosion will set it right! You
  have to think yourself out of it. There is no other way.",

  "All you want is to be happy. All your desires, whatever they may be, are longing for happiness.
  Basically, you wish yourself well...desire by itself is not wrong. It is life itself, the urge
  to grow in knowledge and experience. It is choices you make that are wrong. To imagine that some
  little thing-food, sex, power, fame-will make you happy is to decieve oneself. Only something
  as vast and deep as your real self can make you truly and lastingly happy.",

  "Don’t try to understand! It’s enough if you do not misunderstand.",

  "A quiet mind is all you need. All else will happen rightly, once your 
  mind is quiet. As the sun on rising makes the world active, so does 
  self-awareness affect changes in the mind. In the light of calm and 
  steady self-awareness, inner energies wake up and work miracles 
  without any effort on your part",

  "The consciousness in you and the consciousness in me,
  apparently two, really one, seek unity and that is love.",

  "Question: You seem to advise me to be self-centered to the point of egoism. Must I not yield
  even to my interest in other people?,

  Maharaj: Your interest in others is egoistic, self-concerned, self-oriented. You are not
  interested in others as persons, but only as far as they enrich, or enoble your own image
  of yourself. And the ultimate in selfishness is to care only for the protection, preservation
  and multiplication of one's own body. By body I mean all that is related to your name and shape
  - your family, tribe, country, race, etc. To be attached to one's name and shape is selfishness.
  A man who knows that he is neither body nor mind cannot be selfish, for he has nothing to be
  selfish for. Or, you may say, he is equally 'selfish' on behalf of everybody he meets;
  everybody's welfare is his own. The feeling 'I am the world, the world is myself' becomes
  quite natural; once it is established, there is just no way of being selfish. To be selfish
  means to covet, to acquire, accumulate on behalf of the part against the whole.",

  "Nothing ever goes wrong.

  (Tidak ada satu pun yang berjalan keliru)",

  "Love is not selective, desire is selective. In love there are no strangers. When the centre
  of selfishness is no longer, all desires for pleasure and fear of pain cease; one is no longer
  interested in being happy; beyond happiness there is pure intensity, inexhaustible energy,
  the ecstasy of giving from a perennial source.",

  "The mind creates the abyss, the heart crosses it.",

  "Absolute perfection is here and now, not in some future, near or far. The secret is in action
  - here and now. It is your behavior that blinds you to yourself. Disregard whatever you think
  yourself to be and act as if you were absolutely perfect - whatever your idea of perfection may be.
  All you need is courage.",

  "You may die a hundred deaths without a break in the mental turmoil. Or, you may keep your body and
  die only in the mind. The death of the mind is the birth of wisdom.", 

  "Whatever happens, happens to you by you, through you;
  you are the creator, enjoyer and destroyer of all you perceive.",

  "To deal with things knowledge of things is needed. To deal with
  people, you need insight, sympathy. To deal with yourself, you need
  nothing. Be what you are--conscious being--and don't stray away from
  yourself.",

  "All you need is already within you, only you must approach your self with reverence and love.
  Self-condemnation and self-distrust are grievous errors. Your constant flight from pain and
  search for pleasure is a sign of love you bear for your self, all I plead with you is this:
  make love of your self perfect. Deny yourself nothing -- glue your self infinity and eternity
  and discover that you do not need them; you are beyond.",

  "As you watch your mind, you discover your self as the watcher. When you stand motionless,
  only watching, you discover your self as the light behind the watcher. The source of light
  is dark, unknown is the source of knowledge. That source alone is. Go back to that source
  and abide there.",

  "There is no such thing as a person. There are only restrictions and limitations. The sum total
  of these defines the person. You think you know yourself when you know what you are. But you
  never know who you are. The person merely appears to be, like the space within the pot appears
  to have the shape and volume and smell of the pot. See that you are not what you believe yourself
  to be. Fight with all the strength at your disposal against the idea that you are nameable and
  describable. You are not. Refuse to think of yourself in terms of this or that. There is no other
  way out of misery, which you have created for yourself through blind acceptance without investigation.
  Suffering is a call for enquiry, all pain needs investigation. Don’t be too lazy to think.",

  "Truth is not a reward for good behaviour, nor a prize for passing some tests. It cannot be brought about.
  It is the primary, the unborn, the ancient source of all that is. You are eligible because you are.
  You need not merit truth. It is your own....Stand still, be quiet.",

  "It has nothing to do with effort. Just turn away, look between the thoughts, rather than at the thoughts.
  When you happen to walk in a crowd, you do not fight every man you meet, you just find your way between.
  When you fight, you invite a fight. But when you do not resist, you meet no resistance. When you refuse
  to play the game, you are out of it.",

  "Wisdom tells me I am nothing. Love tells me I am everything. And between the two my life flows.",

  "There are always moments when one feels empty and estranged.  Such moments are most desirable,  
  for it means the soul has cast its moorings and is sailing for distant places.  This is detachment -
   when the old is over and the new has not yet come.  If you are afraid, the state may be distressing,
   but there is really nothing to be afraid of.  Remember the instruction:  Whatever you come across -
  go beyond.",

  "Steady faith is stronger than destiny. Destiny is the result of causes, mostly accidental,
  and is therefore loosely woven. Confidence and good hope will overcome it easily.",

  "Love tells me, i am everything.
  Wisdom tells me, i am nothing.
  And in between flows my life.",

  "All you need is already within you, only you must approach yourself with reverence and love.
  Self-condemnation and self-distrust are grievous errors ...",

  "All I plead with you is this: make love of your self perfect",

  "If you want to know your true nature, you must have yourself in mind all the time,
  until the secret of your being stands revealed."
] 


 







 
